planet green solutions welcomes you to a
tour of a state-of-the-art in small
scale renewable power generator what you
are about to see represents many years
and thousands of hours of research and
development this system converts waste
wood products into a clean hydrogen
synthesis gas that runs specially
designed engine generators to create
power it can also produce heat for
heating buildings our entire process is
accepted as environmentally carbon
neutral it does not contribute to
greenhouse gas emissions or global
warming let's take a closer look the
automated control panel makes operation
as simple as operating any household
appliance all aspects of the system are
monitored and automatically adjusted for
optimum performance this cabinet
contains all the electronic components
it's the brains of the system having
everything preassembled in a
free-standing cabinet make shipping and
installation a breeze note the wiring
harness with pre labeled quick
connections the computer makes all the
decisions as where to send the gas when
to start the engine when it's time to
shut down even when it's time to run the
ventilation system all of this can be
remotely monitored via your personal
computer or even your iPhone there are
two options for running the system
either continuous operation or
predetermined time to run depending on
the customers needs the wood product
enters our advanced design reactor very
high controlled temperatures inside the
reactor cause a series of chemical
reactions that converts solid wood into
a nearly invisible gaseous fuel this
process is known as thermochemical
reductive chemistry because the fuel
goes through several stages of refining
we call this a thermochemical
biorefinery once the gas leaves the
reactor it passes on to our automated
valve station this module is controlled
by the computer that directs the gas to
the proper location when the system is
first warming up the gas goes to our
auto ignite flare the ignited gas is
invisible
during daylight once the system has
reached its operating temperature the
valve shuts off the flare and all the
gas goes into the gas expansion and
cooling tower then on to filtration
before its final destination the engine
generator even the emissions from the
engine exhaust are many times cleaner
than required by EPA standards our
systems can be designed to provide
standalone power or for sending power
back on the commercial grid system the
induction generator and switchgear are
all ul compliant and satisfy all
requirements of the public power
companies note each section of our
system is preassembled in its own module
this is for ease of shipping and
installation purposes the waste heat
being blown from the engine radiator
supplies a constant 180 to 200 degree
blast of hot air this makes chip drying
and effortless automated process that
puts no parasitic load on the output of
the system we are now building and
supplying these systems at a price point
that is one half the cost of traditional
solar power potential customers who have
a wood waste stream can calculate a
return on their investment in a matter
of months not years all components of
this system are made in the USA the
stainless and aluminum fabrication is
designed to last many years look through
our website for standard pricing and
specifications planet green solutions
com thank you for watching